egg is GG wakamatsu GTA 5 online and
holy crap 20,000 subscribers that is
absolutely amazing looking bored guys
but I'll talk about more that near the
end of the video but in this glitch
tutorial movie showing you guys how to
easily lewd or evade the cops now the
first thing I wanna do is pop your phone
go to your contacts for all the way down
a simian into give him a call now what
this does is in order for the glitch you
need to have a job on like on you so if
you already don't have one just request
a job from him but basically much done
with that make sure you're near your
apartment now you can have either from
one to five stars you can do with any
amount of stars you have on you I'm just
shooting people here just to get a star
on me but once you're done with that you
need to go up to near your garage and
put your phone with a jobless and accept
any mission that's on there or your job
list now what you're done with that is
going to spawn you like glitch it inside
your garage and then you'll go into like
a job menu just quit the job like that
and once you're done with that you'll be
inside of the garage now three stars on
me once I get inside and you just want
to wait you know just chill out for a
couple minutes and the stars will start
to like blink and go away after a while
if you do want to like get the cops off
you if you have like five stars on you
but what people did is they also did
this glitch and like use another car and
go back outside and killed more cops and
just they just kept doing it over and
over again if you're on like a five-star
cop chase or something stay long he
survived but Emma's basically it for
that glitch video now 20,000 subscribers
I obviously can't thank you guys enough
for one of the specials I'm definitely
gonna be doing a Q&A I want to know your
guys's opinion on what i should do for
that like I want to do questions either
through Twitter or in comments or just
like all the combination of the through
the couple ones or whatever but leave a
comment below on what you think I should
do but you guys that's it for this video
hope you guys did enjoy make sure like
favorite subscribe if you have running
else you guys later